Created new version of HttpRequestFeatures example using knockout (#52)
Azure-Samples/cognitive-services-personalizer-samples: samples/HttpRequestFeaturesv2/README.md

# About this sample

> This sample extracts HTTP request features and adds them as context features to a Rank request that can be sent to an Azure Personalizer instance. After this request is sent, the user has the option to send a followup Reward request and then regenerate a new Rank request.

Reviewer: Minor edits. I don't understand the point of the last one - regenerate - is that taking in the reward from the previous to show how this is learning, or just convenience from the user's perspective?

```suggestion
This sample extracts features from a HTTP request and adds them as context features to a Rank request - which can be sent to an Azure Personalizer instance. Once the rank request is sent, the user can send a follow-up Reward request. If required, one can regenerate a new Rank request.
```

Author: The idea is, since part of the rank request is randomized, that the user can generate a new one with new information, and see  how that affects the response. Otherwise, they would only have the option of sending a single request. this behavior was the same in the old sample

> This is a [ASP.NET Core MVC with Knockout.js](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/single-page-application/) solution. When run, it displays a single page with the Rank request, Reward request, and HTTP request features shown. Pressing the **Send Request** button above the Rank request body sends it to your Personalizer instance with HTTP information gathered from the featurizer as part of the context features. Once sent, the **Send Request** button above the Reward request body can be pressed in order to send a corresponding reward. At any time, you can press the **Generate Request** button to create a new Rank request.

Reviewer: Can we please rename the text on the buttons to match with the previous comment - so "Send Reward Request" and "Send Rank Request". We can simplify the rest of the paragraph too.
